README.md, before:

# Unity Execution Order

A collection of attributes to control the execution order of your scripts in Unity from your source code.

## Use
Add one of these attribute to your script's class definition to change its script execution order :
- `[ExecutionOrder(<order>)]` : The script execution order is set to `order`
- `[ExecuteAfter(<type>[, orderIncrease = <increase>])]` : The script execution order is set to a value greater than the one of the script `type`, ensuring that your script will be executed after this script. By default, the script execution order is increased by 10 but this can be changed by adding the `orderIncrease` argument.
- `[ExecuteBefore(<type>[, orderDecrease = <decrease>])]` : Same as `ExecuteAfter` except that the execution order will be lowered, ensuring that your script will be executed before this script.

A script can have multiple `ExecuteAfter` attributes and will be executed after all the scripts given in parameters. It is the same for the `ExecuteBefore` attibutes except it will be executed before all the scripts given in parameters.

A script can only have one type of these attributes and cannot mix the `ExecutionOrder`, `ExecuteAfter` and `ExecuteBefore` attributes.

Changing the execution order of a script with one of these attributes in the *Script Execution Order* inspector from Unity will have no effect. The order will be reset to the one defined by the attributes.

Changing a script execution order, either from the inspector or with an attribute, will cause a recompilation of the scripts.

## Example
```csharp
// Let's say that this script has an execution order of 50
// set from the Script Execution Order inspector in Unity
public class Script1 : MonoBehaviour {
    void Start () {
        Debug.Log("Second");
    }
}
```
```csharp
// this script will have an execution order of 40 (50-10)
[ExecuteBefore(typeof(Script1))]
public class Script2 : MonoBehaviour {
    void Start () {
        Debug.Log("First");
    }
}
```
```csharp
// this script will have an execution order of 100
[ExecutionOrder(100)]
public class Script3 : MonoBehaviour {
    void Start () {
        Debug.Log("Third");
    }
}
```
```csharp
// this script will have an execution order of 120 (max(40+10, 100+20))
[ExecuteAfter(typeof(Script2)), ExecuteAfter(typeof(Script3), orderIncrease = 20)]
public class Script4 : MonoBehaviour {
    void Start () {
        Debug.Log("Fourth");
    }
}
```
The resulting script execution orders in the inspector:

![Script Execution Order inspector screenshot](/docs/screenshot1.png)

Commit message:

Upgrade project to 2019.1, add UPM support + asmdefs and namespace the code

README.md, after:

# Unity Execution Order

A collection of attributes to control the execution order of your scripts in Unity from your source code.

## Installing with Unity Package Manager
To install this project as a dependency using the Unity Package Manager,
add the following line to your project's `manifest.json`:

```
"com.github.azixmcaze.unityexecutionorder": "https://github.com/azixMcAze/Unity-ExecutionOrder.git"
```

If you are using [Assembly Definitions](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/ScriptCompilationAssemblyDefinitionFiles.html) in your project, you will need to add `UnityExecutionOrder` as an Assembly Definition Reference.

## Use
Add one of these attribute to your script's class definition to change its script execution order :
- `[ExecutionOrder(<order>)]` : The script execution order is set to `order`
- `[ExecuteAfter(<type>[, orderIncrease = <increase>])]` : The script execution order is set to a value greater than the one of the script `type`, ensuring that your script will be executed after this script. By default, the script execution order is increased by 10 but this can be changed by adding the `orderIncrease` argument.
- `[ExecuteBefore(<type>[, orderDecrease = <decrease>])]` : Same as `ExecuteAfter` except that the execution order will be lowered, ensuring that your script will be executed before this script.

A script can have multiple `ExecuteAfter` attributes and will be executed after all the scripts given in parameters. It is the same for the `ExecuteBefore` attibutes except it will be executed before all the scripts given in parameters.

A script can only have one type of these attributes and cannot mix the `ExecutionOrder`, `ExecuteAfter` and `ExecuteBefore` attributes.

Changing the execution order of a script with one of these attributes in the *Script Execution Order* inspector from Unity will have no effect. The order will be reset to the one defined by the attributes.

Changing a script execution order, either from the inspector or with an attribute, will cause a recompilation of the scripts.

## Example
```csharp
// Let's say that this script has an execution order of 50
// set from the Script Execution Order inspector in Unity
public class Script1 : MonoBehaviour {
    void Start () {
        Debug.Log("Second");
    }
}
```
```csharp
// this script will have an execution order of 40 (50-10)
[ExecuteBefore(typeof(Script1))]
public class Script2 : MonoBehaviour {
    void Start () {
        Debug.Log("First");
    }
}
```
```csharp
// this script will have an execution order of 100
[ExecutionOrder(100)]
public class Script3 : MonoBehaviour {
    void Start () {
        Debug.Log("Third");
    }
}
```
```csharp
// this script will have an execution order of 120 (max(40+10, 100+20))
[ExecuteAfter(typeof(Script2)), ExecuteAfter(typeof(Script3), orderIncrease = 20)]
public class Script4 : MonoBehaviour {
    void Start () {
        Debug.Log("Fourth");
    }
}
```
The resulting script execution orders in the inspector:

![Script Execution Order inspector screenshot](/docs/screenshot1.png)
